To Stop

import boto3
region = 'ap-southeast-1'
instances = ['i-04f69626ac8fb740d']
ec2 = boto3.client('ec2', region_name=region)

def lambda_handler(event, context):
    ec2.stop_instances(InstanceIds=instances)
    print('stopped your instances: ' + str(instances))
    
    
    
    To Start
    
import boto3
region = 'ap-southeast-1'
instances = ['i-04f69626ac8fb740d']
ec2 = boto3.client('ec2', region_name=region)

def lambda_handler(event, context):
    ec2.start_instances(InstanceIds=instances)
    print('started your instances: ' + str(instances))
    
    
    Here Change the Region and Id as per your Requirments
    
    and also roles are vert important to stop or start the instances 
    
    
    
    
    Create CloudWatch Events rules that trigger your Lambda functions and you can automatically schedule the events to trigger for you

1.    Open the Amazon CloudWatch console.

2.    In the left navigation pane, under Events, choose Rules.

3.    Choose Create rule.

4.    Under Event Source, choose Schedule.

5.    Do either of the following: 
For Fixed rate of, enter an interval of time in minutes, hours, or days. 
For Cron expression, enter an expression that tells Lambda when to stop your instances. For information on expression syntax, see Schedule expressions for rules. 
Note: Cron expressions are evaluated in UTC. Make sure that you adjust the expression for your preferred time zone.

6.    Under Targets, choose Add target.

7.    Choose Lambda function.

8.    For Function, choose the function that stops your EC2 instances.

9.    Choose Configure details.

10.    Under Rule definition, do the following: 
For Name, enter a name to identify the rule, such as "StopEC2Instances". 
(Optional) For Description, describe your rule. For example, "Stops EC2 instances every night at 10 PM." 
For State, choose the Enabled check box.

11.    Choose Create rule.

12.    Repeat steps 1-11 to create a rule to start your EC2 instances. Do the following differently: 
In step 5, for Cron expression, enter an expression that tells Lambda when to start your instances. 
In step 8, for Function, choose the function that starts your EC2 instances. 
In step 10, under Rule definition, enter a Name, such as "StartEC2Instances". 
(Optional) Enter a Description, such as "Starts EC2 instances every morning at 7 AM."


    
